Why do you feel so shocked?
Hey
Hey Yanyan
You're back again, brat!
Where did I let you go?
Hehe, Taiping Sun Chen's daughter is sick
Please ask me to preside over the funeral
What oops
Produced by Chen girl
Died halfway that day
The Chen family explained that the chest corner could not be lifted on the ground
Several were killed by stonemasons
It's homicide
Mr. Fang De Shili Baxiang
No one dares to borrow your bunch of robbers
You don't want to die
Oh, how can it be so hard as you say?
Nothing happened.
Exactly.
It's the stone tablet that can't be lifted when it falls to the ground.
I move the lotus flower to sit on the bottom of my monument that stone monument
Lift it up steadily
You really want to die, how can I be human?
Prepared by yourself
I am Zheng, aren't I sad?
Grandpa, why are you hitting me?
I endure my humility and keep the sky safe for three years
I'm the murderer, you don't live for ten days
See for yourself
Grandpa, what's wrong with me?
This is causing the body to wait for death
Grandpa, if I die
Who gave you the death penalty?
Hey okay
To survive
You have to ask for forgiveness from the evil master
Where did you hide him?
Ah, it's the foot of the back mountain.
Grandpa's place is surrounded by water on three sides
It is a typical jade belt ring demon bureau
I must have picked the right place